add Getting Help page to docs community section (#17164)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/getting-started/getting-help.mdx

---

## Searching for answers

Search engines like Google generally do a good job at surfacing relevant Dagster docs, Github Discussions and Github Issues, so we recommend starting there.

Unfortunately, ChatGPT is not currently a great resource for answering questions about Dagster, because the corpus it was trained on doesn’t include Dagster’s latest APIs.

---

## Bugs and feature requests

We use [Github Issues](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/issues) to track all bugs and feature requests from the community, and we welcome issues submitted by users.

If you find a Github issue that seems like it’s related to the issue you’re experiencing, but you're not sure, don’t be shy about posting on that Github issue to ask.  We can redirect it to a different issue if necessary.

### Tips for filing issues

- For bugs, include the minimum-sized working code snippet that reproduces your issue.
- If your Github issue includes a code snippet, you can add syntax highlighting by specifying the language at the top of the block:

  ```
  ```python
  from dagster import ...
  ...

>   ```

Reviewer: missing closing "```" - now it renders as:
<img width="309" alt="image" src="https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/assets/4531914/bf59eb03-7e67-486d-9fd8-605ea7541096">

Author: I tried a few things but could not for the life of me figure out how to get the closing "```" in there. Do you know how to do this?

Reviewer 2: did you try this? It renders correctly for me when I try it locally:

```suggestion
- If your Github issue includes a code snippet, you can add syntax highlighting by specifying the language at the top of the block:

      ```python
      from dagster import ...
      ...
      ```

```

There are escape characters in Markdown that would make this easier (ex: `~~~`) but the current parser unfortunately strips them out when the formatting script is run.

Author: Is the difference the indentation? I'll try that.

Reviewer 2: Exactly that!

Author: worked!

---

## Questions

If you're trying to find out the best way to use Dagster for your use case, there are a couple places to get help.

### Github Discussions: the preferred place to ask questions

[Github Discussions](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/discussions) is the main Q & A site for Dagster. For questions whose answers might be useful to others (which is most questions), Github Discussions is the best place to ask them, because they show up when others Google the same questions.

**Tip:** if your Github discussion includes a code snippet, add syntax highlighting by specifying the language at the top of the block:

```
```python
from dagster import ...

> ...

Reviewer: same here

```

> ### The #dagster-support Slack channel: another place to ask questions
> 
> The Dagster community also answers questions in the #dagster-support channel of the [Dagster Slack](https://dagster.io/slack). We strongly encourage you to join Slack, as it's the main real-time gathering place for the community.

Reviewer: it's not always the #dagster-support channel, so some suggestions:

```suggestion
### The Dagster Slack: another place to ask questions

The Dagster community also answers questions in the channels of the [Dagster Slack](https://dagster.io/slack). We strongly encourage you to join Slack, as it's the main real-time gathering place for the community. Check out the  #faq-read-me-before-posting channel for more info.
```

If you have a request of the form, "I want Dagster to do X, but it seems like it doesn’t", consider filing a Github issue instead of posting a Slack message.  In most cases, our response on Slack will be to ask you to file a Github Issue, which makes it easier to track your request.

### Asking digestible questions

The less time and effort it takes for someone to digest your question, the more likely it will get answered. The easiest questions to answer include enough information to be clear and specific, but don't require the reader to understand details that aren't relevant.

Below is an example of a well-phrased question. It's brief enough to be quickly digestible, but specific enough to be complete:

> Is it possible to set up Dagster to automatically update an entire downstream table every time that a specific partition of an upstream table is updated? We have a table that's partitioned by customer, and we have a specific analys that we want to do on a specific customer.

Below is another example of a well-phrased question. It asks a question that can be quickly digested, but also gives the reader background context that can be helpful for understanding some of the nuances:

> > Is it possible to set up Dagster to automatically update an entire downstream table every time that a specific partition of an upstream table is updated? We have a table that's partitioned by customer, and we have a specific analys that we want to do on a specific customer.

Author: This is meant to be there. I'll update the surrounding wording to make that more clear.
